The following part, relative level and absolute levels, two levels. On the relative levels, what
the teaching said, for example, for us, trying to maintain all good quality of the conduct, conduct
, those are in very other teachings in Samayas. Those are the Samayas are, Samaya is what?
Evoting all the negative activities or trying, avoiding the negative activities, negative
activities for ourself. And with that, and the modious out of the conversation, the modious out of
the conduct is performing the beneficial activities to benefit ourself, to benefit others as much
as you can.
Kind of always leaning up that. And then, with that, with that, and then keeping the very honest,
all those, like what we call meditation practice should do, meditation should do as much as you can
.
With that, three worlds, those are really known as three worlds, but with that, even though you're
keeping, always our heart is filled with both each other.
Whether you are avoiding the negative activities, our heart is both each other. And with that, we
keep the both each other. Even we are performing the beneficial activities, also have the both each
other in the heart.
And then, with also keeping the Samayas and whatever those practice, always both each other in the
Samayas. And therefore, in every teaching said, and every master's I heard too, and I'm sure you
all heard too.
Two, both each other is essential. When you have the both each other, you keep it generally, also
naturally keeping all the, all the vows of beautiful, really, it comes blended in both each other.
And then, when we keep the both each other, our practice does not become basic ego practices.
Practices become really so beneficial, so soothing and perfectly beautiful.
So, with that practice, that is then the beautiful part. You follow with that beautiful part. If
you follow with that beautiful part, resolvable, we have no doubt, it's beautiful.
We don't have to concentrate on the result. The result is our Buddhahold. Whatever you're doing,
this part is actually the cause and the condition. You're creating the perfect beautiful cause and
condition, resolvable, but quite awesome.
So, that's really the what is. The errors of that is then not both each other. And both each other
is diluted. And anger and emotions, self-importance, those all are coming so strong.
It's the limit we can't help celebrate, self-importance. As long as we're the ego-cling, we all
have this, nothing on the ego, but not the kind of, the power of honor.
Power of honor will be our both each other. And the ego may be behind, but slowly, really, kind of
compromising that, deduce that, really practical way, kind of, but gently that.
Then, according to the teaching, really all comes. So beautiful. So beautiful and so perfect.
Perfect.
Okay, so that's it. Thank you. Thank you. Then one more, maybe no? Okay.